        Since the majority of the training data was based on internet scraping, harmful bias is part of GPT-3's vocabulary. For example, “Islam” is associated with “terrorism” and “violent” more than other religions. This can reinforce bias as well as introduce new bias into writing. 

        It can generate text that seems to be written by a human, making it easier to send scam emails, auto-generate essays, and write articles. While it may seem harmless to write articles, the AI has not been encoded with ethics, meaning it could write a highly popular article that got a lot of “clicks” but the article would be about why the COVID vaccine is secretly dangerous. 

        Big tech companies are the ones able to pay for top AI researchers and the computing costs associated with training an AI. This means more control is diverted to the uber-wealthy. 
        
        For Russia in general, GPT-3 has several potentially harmful applications. For one, Russia has a variety of ongoing civil rights issues, with issues related to minority rights and freedom of the press. GPT-3 could worsen any of these issues, in several different ways.
        
        First, GPT-3 can be used to create biased and stereotypical material which can reinforce systems of oppression against minority groups. This kind of material can appeal to the misrepresentations already present within societal consciousness, and as such could prove very effective at reinforcing false views onto groups already struggling with suppression.
        
        Additionally, GPT-3 could have tremendous impact on the press. Much of the media is already controlled by the government, with outlets that fall out of line enduring the risk of personal harm through actions such as assassination. With GPT-3, political propaganda and news stories that reinforce the governmental platform could be employed to sway public opinion. Because of how scalable GPT-3 is, this could be used in order to simply flood the country with false information, further securing control over all aspects of the press by drowning out any competition under false noise.
